now I want to do a little curry but it
where's okay and I'm gonna be using
butternut squash so it's gonna be a
vegetarian curry some carrots just some
new potatoes chili garlic bay leaf
coconut milk a little bit of dried thyme
so it's not what you think the curries
really complicated there's all these
different bits and bobs it's really
really simple first of all I'm gonna
make my own curry powder you can use
wherever you like really but a tip I
would use gel turmeric because it does
give it a nice curry color just a big
teaspoon turmeric tea spoon of cumin
ginger it's my favorite spice all of
that but a bit of fenugreek in there
because if the turmeric gives it the
color this definitely gives it a flavor
a little bit of a chilly again to taste
and let you know how hot you want it but
don't forget we've got a chili going in
anyway and close the thing that I think
the clothes will balance it out well as
well
nice bit of nutmeg you can use this how
this stuff I think it sets these fresh
not mix quite a moist white so once this
right out you lose a lot of flavor so
I'm not seeing much set for now just a
little bit it's quite powerful and very
expensive already make sure those cloves
are pounded up there you go there's your
curry powder this smells fantastic
that's it simple this is a little tip
from my mother-in-law if she has a
takeaway she'll keep all these little
bits and bobs I'm gonna show you exactly
what she does alright so butternut
squash I like going straight down have a
knife right into the orange and missing
out on that yellow piece if I left that
there for 20 minutes you'd see all this
water coming out of it there's a lot of
water in it so if you did leave that
overnight in the fridge after peeling it
you'd probably get a better result after
you've got the curried you won't get as
much liquid in there as well so it's a
little tip if you ain't got time for
that just pop it in alright it's all
about balance okay so this is the main
character so I'm gonna pop my squash in
still got a fit everything else you know
about if your squash is that big your
potatoes gotta be epic
your Cara it's gotta be that big so they
all cook at the same time okay potatoes
I probably enough one person actually
carrot well they're quite chunky cuz
it's a vegetarian curry the vegetables
they will break down so it's better to
keep them quite chunky so it feels like
quite meetings you know I mean otherwise
they'll just want puree up this is going
straight into that's in Bailey it's much
too easy one I like a little bit
anyway never off the chili little bits
on it little pinch of time coconut milk
curry powder
alright it looks mad now waiter that's
finished it is great and then just fill
it up with some vegetable stock if
you're a true vegetarian you can use a
bit chicken sake for not pop the lid on
you can pre do them if you want keep
them like this and just leave them in
the fridge so when you come over all you
do just pop back straight in the oven 20
minutes 180 thunk
you